---
title: Volunteering
template: subpage.html
---

# Volunteering
---

PyTexas is entirely run by volunteer effort, and we can never have too much
help! If you’d like to lend a hand, please let us know, and help us make
PyTexas a great experience for everyone.

Each year we ask our attendees to get involved and help us make this event
successful. These positions are purely volunteer - we unfortunately can not
offer free admittance or other compensation to our volunteers, however, we are
committed to providing financial assistance to people who might otherwise be
unable to attend.

# Sign up

If you're interested in volunteering, please take a moment to read the brief
descriptions below and fill out the [volunteer sign up
form](https://goo.gl/forms/AJ9WanqzHn3BXZwT2). Reach out to
[volunteers@pytexas.org](mailto:volunteers@pytexas.org) if you have any
questions or concerns.

Here’s a few things we’ll need help with:

**Registration Desk:** You will be responsible for checking in attendees,
distributing badges/lanyards, and serving as a first point of contact for
attendees seeking information on...whatever they want to know about. Will need
to be available starting at 7:30AM each day.

**Set up:** Help set up whatever needs setting up each morning, including
possibly helping sponsors set up their tables/booths. Will need to be available
starting at 7:30AM each day.

**Tear Down:** Help clean up and clear up each day , including possibly helping
sponsors tear down their tables/booths. Will need to be available until 6:30PM
each day.

**Green Room**: responsible for tending to the green room, making sure it stays a
quiet space for speakers to prepare for their talks, and making sure it is
stocked with snacks and beverages.

**Stage Runner**: responsible for making sure speakers find their way to the
green room, escorting speakers to the stage, and assisting with A/V setup for
speakers.
